README.md, before:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Apache Airflow

This is a fork of [Airflow 1.10.9](https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/1.10.9)

## Changes in our fork

- Fix scheduler bug that only allowed running 1 task at a time per DAG due to wrong batch commit
- Hide `Delete` and `Trigger Dag` buttons from the DAG UI
- Hide `Delete` button from the main Airflow page
- Fix `bail.` button onclick action to redirect correctly to the DAG page
- Fix too many notifications bug that would call the on failure notification callback on every scheduler loop https://github.com/github/airflow-sources/issues/2712
- Fix logging error where the Subprocess would write the logs into the console instead of to the worker log file. [Associated commit](https://github.com/github/incubator-airflow/commit/e8e19f2b44449e8ad5f2943500f6613ba9d72317). This aims to fix the bug described in the Open Source Jira board [1](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/AIRFLOW-7030) and [2](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/AIRFLOW-6904).


Every change from our fork to the original project can be checked by comparing the
changes from our `github/incubator-airflow/gh-1.10.9` with the open source project
`apache/airflow:1.10.9`. For example [link](https://github.com/apache/airflow/compare/1.10.9...github:gh-1.10.9?expand=1)

Commit message:

Updating README with addition of legacy get_conn

README.md, after:

<!--
Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
distributed with this work for additional information
regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
"License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
software distributed under the License is distributed on an
"AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations
under the License.
-->

# Apache Airflow

This is a fork of [Airflow 1.10.9](https://github.com/apache/airflow/tree/1.10.9)

## Changes in our fork

- Fix scheduler bug that only allowed running 1 task at a time per DAG due to wrong batch commit
- Hide `Delete` and `Trigger Dag` buttons from the DAG UI
- Hide `Delete` button from the main Airflow page
- Fix `bail.` button onclick action to redirect correctly to the DAG page
- Fix too many notifications bug that would call the on failure notification callback on every scheduler loop https://github.com/github/airflow-sources/issues/2712
- Fix logging error where the Subprocess would write the logs into the console instead of to the worker log file. [Associated commit](https://github.com/github/incubator-airflow/commit/e8e19f2b44449e8ad5f2943500f6613ba9d72317). This aims to fix the bug described in the Open Source Jira board [1](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/AIRFLOW-7030) and [2](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/AIRFLOW-6904).
- Introduced legacy `get_conn` in `GoogleCloudStorageHook`, to make it backwards compatible with some Operators of `airflow-sources` (specifically, the method `_get_gcs_blob_media_request` from `GCSToHDFSOperator`). [Associated commit](https://github.com/github/incubator-airflow/commit/febd45431b315794dbfacbbf4142818c2d959feb)

Every change from our fork to the original project can be checked by comparing the
changes from our `github/incubator-airflow/gh-1.10.9` with the open source project
`apache/airflow:1.10.9`. For example [link](https://github.com/apache/airflow/compare/1.10.9...github:gh-1.10.9?expand=1)
